
--------------------------------------------------------
worst mobile  -55
 Very good product little user interface problem but best model at this price 
But overall I must say that its a good device and you can go for it if looks of a device does not matter to you  
Also in terms of looks it is not a great device.
SOUND QUALITY IS NOT GOOD.
this is not a good product i have buy with our two other friends but is not a good product network connectivity  heating   and hanging is major problem.
Very very slow device as compared to other mobiles with quad core.
biggest advantage is Dolby compare to other device this unique i mean lenovo s some model .
The device is very slow when we have multiple operations.
u can go for it if you re tight on budget i bought this as a secondary device to my zenfone 5 else go for motorola phones.
i have buoyed a product  it is not good.
Firstly I must say that the internal storage of this device is sufficient for even a power user.
the speaker or zenfone 5 is so low  this device powered by dual speakers and dolby enhanced must definitely be better.
sound quality is o. k. More.
 Good mobile works normal not dat very fast but compare to other mobiles it s faster 
Don t Update the new software as it is heating up the device too much and draing the battery too fast  
But as per the company s policy  up to 48 degree temperature of mobile  device is not heating up and working perfectly.
 Nice mobile real very fast and coming to battery it s not up to mark not satisfied with that and everything is fine .
As A6000 was the great device for me  i thought Plus will be much better than that.
 could have been better  Despite Dolby  not very good sound quality.
4 times costlier than this but still i liked this device i can even say that my next device would a lenovo or a xiaomi.
Sound is moderate with clarity
 The product is very good and cheap.
Overall  its a good product and you can go for it.
calling sound is not audible.
it is with good features that every one can like and the characteristics of mobile are too good.
Sound 3 5  Though Lenovo is giving  Dolbi Digital  technology for sound  but i didn  feel
The speaker output is not Loud yet the sound is crisp  that is because Dolby does not work in LOUD sounds  so if you want the speaker to sound louder then switch off Dolby 
i bought this as a secondary device to my zenfone 5 and wanted to shift to this due to these reasons
Flipkart is very good site for perchage product .
Wonderful performance  Camera quality is too good   Touch response is smooth  sound quality is awesome  Slim phone with no hanging and no heating issue.
o o o Dolby is awesome sound good sound quality evn little little word to be heared.
dolby digital if you put some ear phone you can feel it crispy and clear sound separate 
Screen guard is not received in this lenovo a6000 plus pack and otherwise product is good   working fine 
 sorry guys first i give 5 star for this phone after i checked headphone its not good clear sound i return and get new product but the problem is still exist.
 Hi all the product overall is very good and the cost is worthfull of this product 
The device is good but not up to the mark as zenphone specifically it s UI.
when i m facing these problem than than complain with flipkart they no any assist me if your mobile is not working good than what you do no connectivity.
Sound Quality not at all good.
dear Lenovo  never expected a bad product from u. nice looking light wieght and performance is too good so i suggest to every one for purchased it and then fell the andriod world in your hand 
This is very nice and fast mobile.
Very bad device don t purchase it.
It is a good product under Rs7000 but camera not so good as xiaomi prime 2 or like samsung phones 
 This phone is nice  I bought it 10 days back and m happy with my purchases  interesting thing is it s lightweight and sound quality is excellent  thanks to flipkart  
phones in 10000 rs sounds quality its awseme camera is very good in night I like this phone but company not give a better earphone pls give it a better earphone pls awesome mobile  269
hi guys i m very very happy to buy this product  this is excellent product in our budget  first time in my life bought such a nice mobile.
 Device is good  this is also very very light weight.
Nice product at this price.
Good Storage 11GB  in phone to use Gr8 Flash light its just awesome product.
 Very good mobile.
It is a good mobile and you shall go for it.
Good mobile processing very vastly with out any lags  camera obsuletly perfect 
Sound Quality is awesome.
Sound quality is very good in earphones   i bought hp headphones for this  
its a very nice mobile with 5 inch screen size nice touch and light weight.
redmi 2 sound is better than this .
awesome camera and sound quality  i like it very much.
Good Sound off course Dolby is there  
 Nice phone for this price good sound with good quality speakers thanks for lenovo and flipkart 
Sound quality in the speakers and earphones are really good  speaker produces very good sound .
 The product is very good and cheap.
Bought for best price but shipped lately device is fine and good 
Nice product it is very good mobile in budget range.
 Excellent product  this price nice to use look superb.
It is a good product.
sound quality is amazing
 This mobile is good and excellent battery backup and also worth full .
 Very nice product.
 Good product for given cash  and also fast delivery were made by E kart with safe packing.
Nice product from Lenovo.
A6000 is very good product of Lenovo   more than its price.
But overall I must say that its a good device and you can go for it if looks of a device does not matter to you  
Very very good product.
 Budget Mobile some times over heating mobile so long as it is good mobile 
Sound is excellent  I think one of the best features of this phone.
The internet surfing on this device is excellent.
7500 on this product and expecting good product.
sound quality is best  Dolby system 
Lenovo is a good product and looking very nice.
Good product good preformance 
 Nice product.
 Good product in this price range.
good mobile.
 Very good product little user interface problem but best model at this price 
sooo good mobile 
The main purpose of a mobile is to make and receive calls and this mobile is good at it only when you are at home.
First Impression of the product was very good.
Worth buying  good product  good touch  powerful hardware  no lag  performance is good  value for money.
 Good product I am recommend to all my customers please purchase this product all flip kart cus 
The performance of mobile is very nice 
Excellent Sound Quality earphone  speaker  Dobly feature is awesome.
Dolby sound is awesome.
although good product.
It s very nice mobile phone.
very good sound .
This mobile is very good in this price range.
Very good product i like it delivery also on time and I am only buy on flip cart 
I ll say that it s nice mobile but small problem with that is while charging the mobile  charger dissipates over heat and temple run game gets struck.
very good product  value for money better than asus zenfone 5 i wiil recommend this item  good good good 
everything very good product 
the product is very nice and after using for a such long period i am fully satisfied with the product.
 nice product n great performances by device n their is no hang 
Sound quality is awesome.
 My best mobile and good in picture quality and enough memory 
Its nice mobile.
FYI i own a nexus 5 which is very nice device and cost about 4 times more than a6000plus but still i can say that lenovo a6000plus is more lighter and thinner than my nexus 5 and it look superb too.
 Good product works very smooth.
Lenovo mobile is the best mobile it has good features like2 GB ram 16 GB internal memory 
o o o Dolby is awesome sound good sound quality evn little little word to be heared.
Good Quality Sound
GOOD PRODUCT FROM FLIPKART  
Anyways very good phone having all the social networks and good sound and picture quality.
 This phone is nice  I bought it 10 days back and m happy with my purchases  interesting thing is it s lightweight and sound quality is excellent  thanks to flipkart  
 Good product liked it.
over all product is so good.
Sound quality is fabulous with Dolby sound effect  Just love the sound effect.
Very nice Mobile and very slim camera clarity super i love this phone 
biggest advantage is Dolby compare to other device this unique i mean lenovo s some model .
Really good product  worth every penny.
Hi all the product is very good and the Cost is awesome nice product great performance.
Good display and dolby digital sound.
In fact it s sound quality is as good as normal phone.
The twin speakers are quite loud enough and the sound is crisp.
good product nice mobile for value that money.
it has dolby dual speaker   which make our entertainment experience good  nice sound produced by this.
 The device works great in every aspects but as we all know No Phone Is Perfect.
Quite impressive product but sometime face hanging problem otherwise all features are good according to the amount of this product.
Good product.
Sound is great
I think Lenovo make some good lot product first time when launch the product.
after my first day reviews I say this is a good product.
It is very good product.
keep shopping with flipkart and lenovo A6000 PLUS is very good mobile having many built in feature and sound is amazing.
Very nice mobile in terms of camera  processor  RAM .
It was a good product in the starting but after 9 to 10 days the phone starting being hot to the screen side when we talk for 2 to 3 min .
Got a good product from WS Retail.
good product 
Overall  its a good product and you can go for it.
Good product on this price.
 Very good Product from Lenovo of this range.
its a very good product.
Lenovo A6000 Mobile has very nice.
Sound quality is the best.
Very nice product from lenevo.
Good mobile  no hanging  2gb ram its very good for this price  and also 4g support its rreally awesome.
This mobile is very good and looking nice so purchase it battery life is good 
For the product  its good.
The dolby speakers provide decent sound to its users.
Good camera  good display sharp and bright  and also sound is very good.
 sorry guys first i give 5 star for this phone after i checked headphone its not good clear sound i return and get new product but the problem is still exist.
Dolby speaker quality is very good and while on earphone the sound quality is just awesome.
the mobile is very excellent and has good configuration.
dear Lenovo  never expected a bad product from u. nice looking light wieght and performance is too good so i suggest to every one for purchased it and then fell the andriod world in your hand 
 Very nice mobile.
 It is a good mobile   I have purchased it last year   there is no issue   sound and display quaity is good 
Sound quality is good.
 Very good mobile at this price range.
 Good mobile for the price that is fixed to it.
Battery super ips display very nice camera 8mp very nice lenovo product also perfect 7000 Rate the mobile orth 
sound quality excellent
Nice product to buy under 10000 rupees.
 Good product.
Initially this seemed to be a nice product but then it started showing true colors.
 It was a good product.
 A very nice and light product as you get sbapdragon and great display and the sound is really great.
camera quality is ok. Good product.
GOOD PRODUCT AWAITING SINCE JAN 2015.
 Its a good mobile  but gets heated very fast 
It is really a nice product.
Very nice mobile and intelligent enough.
quality of product is nice
 this mobile has very good screen clarity  very good sound output via earphones and the vibe UI is very much stable and easy to use i have forgotten google launcher that i used before.
 Good product good performance good looking and stunning audio 
So decided to exchange the same with another device through flipkart.
 Nice mobile real very fast and coming to battery it s not up to mark not satisfied with that and everything is fine .
Product was good.
 Good product but I face some problem in system updating there was some error in phone that s why 
As A6000 was the great device for me  i thought Plus will be much better than that.
Good product from lenovo at a low cost.
totally a good mobile  
 Fone is a good but Still it do have some Technical Problem  after 1 month of purchasing the product  technical snag developed.
I have recieved product us good nice looking phone.
 Amazing product with good specifications.
sound quality also average  dolby effect is not good enough to listen one sim slut is for 4g but the other slut is compatible with 2g only   whereas other phones like xiaomi have both 4g slut.
it is a very good product.
The mobile is also good at this price.
 Good mobile at this price.
 this is a good mobile and has its own style too
 Very good mobile in low cost.
 it s so good Product and I like this phone with Special functionality 
great sound quality  touch and connectivity.
 It s good product for the money.
Good Product nice features in budget price.
sound quality is o. k. More.
Mobile is slim with 2GB RAM   16GB ROM very good.
sound is good on earphones.
2  Sound is good.
It is a good product value of money at this price range every thin in this phone is good.
nice battery and display with good quality camera as well only drawback may be the sound quality of this device 
This is very nice and fast mobile.
 Good product  value for money.
 The mobile is quite good.
 Excellent set some what system is low otherwise good product speed needs to increase 
I bought is yesterday and this mobile is very good  espcecially I like the display.
 good product by flipkart.
--------------------------------------------------------
bad camera  -82
The front camera quality is not that good.
Front camera is not good  but hey  I m no selfie freak  so works out for me   
But if you are using this phone for music purpose  be prepared to shell out extra for a  Good  Quality headset.
 its mobile camera quality is very bad and also battery backup.
 2 front camera nice just 2mp 
However i would consider the Primary Camera as not good as expected.
rear camera is very bad front cam is very nice
and for front camera its   9 10.
Camera 4 5  It comes with 8MP back and 2MP front camera.
Secondary camera too  is good.
 Mobile is getting heated up very quickly and quality of Camera is bad
Rear camera is very bad  4 10  
camera quality is not bad either but not best.
Back camera  8 MP  quality is average.
8 MP rear camera is above average   front 2 MP is good
The picture quality is very good and thr never get hanged.
but camera is not much good.
Camera Quality is not so good  can only get results in day light.
Camera too is not so good.
not good camera resulttt all our ok but camera show 8 mp but i am not satisfy with result of rear and font both of camerass 
Front camera is good but not great.
the camera quality is extremely bad bad bad poor and so on
I have been using this phone   I am very much satisfied with its performance apart from primary camera  not bad but not very good too .
It is awesome  Camera quality is not so much high but it is good no doubt.
Camera is good both front and rear.
but the camera is bad the front camera is OK but the back camera is very bad.
Sould quality is not good .
Front camera is very good and back camera is OK.
Screen quality is not so good.
 Awesome wid price range of 6999 rs superb camera quality especially front   
SOUND QUALITY IS NOT GOOD.
super camera all are too good.
and front camera as usal is good as 2MP  can click.
Rear camera 8MP  is not so good.
I bought the phone with good expectation of decent cam and other feature better than Redmi 1s but great disappointment as the camera is to bad and have shades and look like vga cam when zoom the cam picture.
Front camera is average.
 2MP front camera is so decent
Camera quality is very poor  worst than 5MB.
rear camera is very very poor.
No earphones   are you kidding me   Primary camera is not as good as secondary  comes with Kitkat instead of Lollipop  no default themes which is pretty bad.
rear camera is ok. front camera is good for skype calling.
most of phone front camera is not good for this price but its very good 
Wonderful performance  Camera quality is too good   Touch response is smooth  sound quality is awesome  Slim phone with no hanging and no heating issue.
front camera.
 It is a very nyc product moreover its a worthit phone with good feature as well lenovo quality   but lenovo have work on camera its good but not as expected 
Sound Quality not at all good.
2gb ram   great camera front   back with great dolby sound quality 
 lenovo give good features in less price but they are compro with quality.
o o o Dolby is awesome sound good sound quality evn little little word to be heared.
The mobile camera quality is very bad.
i used this mobile for two months initially the camera is good but later clarity become dull specially front camera otherwise this is super for this budget 
5  Rear camera is good but not the best  low light pictures are often blur.
Camera quality is bad.
new camera quality back both fornt camera.
It is a good product under Rs7000 but camera not so good as xiaomi prime 2 or like samsung phones 
I will not suggest who thinks of having lenovo A6000 with a good camera 
When using ZOOM for the back camera picture quality drops.
rear camera is not superb as you expect from the digit 8 Mp  but i want you make sure that camera is as good as zenfone 5  and moto g2  there is littile diffrence only which we call   19 20 unnis  bis ka fark  the combination of flash is not good  it make object more lighty some time few parts are nt visible but if you click pics using flash then make sure that you are minimum 3 feet apart from the object then you will get good pic.
camera is average front camera is good back camera is bad bad .
Average 8 MP camera which is good enough for the casual shooters but not pros.awesome camera  177
Front camera is very good in quality.
It has decent camera good processor internal memory is enough phone is fast and smooth and has been updated to lollipop  
Front camera is very good.
 Nice phone for this price good sound with good quality speakers thanks for lenovo and flipkart 
call quality is also good.
Good camera 
Good camera.
Secondary camera too  is good.
Redmi 2   previous version which was redmi 1S has best camera   redmi 2 also have a good camera but it click over exposed pictures best detailed captures  but nor colors  Doesn t have feature  App2SD heating issues etc.
Good mobile processing very vastly with out any lags  camera obsuletly perfect 
2  The front camera is nice.
Sound quality is very good in earphones   i bought hp headphones for this  
awesome camera and sound quality  i like it very much.
Screen quality is also good 
Rear 8MP camera is good.
Good camera   lenovo used Sony CMOS sensor
but the camera is bad the front camera is OK but the back camera is very bad.
I have been using this phone   I am very much satisfied with its performance apart from primary camera  not bad but not very good too .
Good Camera Quality Both are
Front camera is very good and back camera is OK.
a very good one for the value  features are simply awesome  camera quality was even good.
super cool phone with great design  feels good in hand  crisp and a vibrant display  the much need 2GB of RAM and 16GB Internal Space is just awesome  and the camera quality is really good.
It is a good quality charger which can get the phone fully c harged from 0  battery in about 3.
Phone front camera is very impressive as well as battery backup very good.
good camera result 
 Awesome display  more than satisfactory camera  good processor and a smart looking handset.
 Camera quality is good.
good quality.
Speaker quality is good
 the quality is good but toch is ok
Sound quality is good.
what is good  front camera  light in weight.
Battery backup as well camera is good .
 very good camera both front and back  good HD display  lightweight  excellent storage.
 2 front camera nice just 2mp 
camera quality is not bad either but not best.
Picture quality for the front is excellent being a 2 MP snapper  for the back it is good   satisfactory.
good camera.
Rear camera is good
Good battery backup and excellent camera quality 
rear camera 2 MP nokia Camera quality is better than 8MP of this phone Camera.
Front camera is awesome when compared with primary camera  
The camera is good.
Camera also good 
Camera is so good to  
 2MP front camera is so decent
Camera quality is poor  the images you take from the front cam are not good.
Good Quality Sound
The camera quality is amazing.
 Very nice look and speed  having cool finishing and very good camera  battery backup is also good  the phone is small heating while using with charge 
cam quality is good too.
decent 8mp camera quality  good battery backup  mainly this comes with 4G capability which made me more happier  display quality is also good  decent value of 2 GB RAM makes it work in great speed and no lagging atall.
Camera front   back are good.
Super phone and performance are good looking good slim camera good 
i used this mobile for two months initially the camera is good but later clarity become dull specially front camera otherwise this is super for this budget 
Back camera is good.
camera is average front camera is good back camera is bad bad .
camera is really good. 
Good front Camera
In fact it s sound quality is as good as normal phone.
Company should provide the good quality headset along with mobile like the Samsung company do.
Front 2 MP camera is very good.
good quality
Battery capacity if the mobile is too bad and camera front and back are too worse.
Good camera  Display.
High quality camera.
Good camera hugr display  betry life is very good 
Camera quality is good and the body built is also good at this price.
Front camera is good
Camera is good.
has very good rear camera really impressed with the battery backup with this phone.
ram is speen enough for multitasking and camera is good too.
display and camera quality was good 
camera quality is good.
the build quality is decent and u will have a good feel while holding the handset in hand.
Front facing camera is also good for good quality selfie.
rear camera is ok. front camera is good for skype calling.
2  good Camera quality 
Good camera  good display sharp and bright  and also sound is very good.
It s a good phone with good quality to use.
Dolby speaker quality is very good and while on earphone the sound quality is just awesome.
8 MP rear Camera is quite good.
2gb ram   great camera front   back with great dolby sound quality 
My Friend had Lenovo A6000  and his phone s Camera was good  so thought to get this phone.
Sound quality in the speakers and earphones are really good  speaker produces very good sound .
The mobile camera quality is very bad.
Good camera
1 verry smoothly Very Good camera  Both sim support 2G 3G  AND 4G network  Value for money Mfd by Motorola thats all Thanks Prince Raj 
I am using A6000  it is good in quality and good performance.
Though i didn t shoot a lot  the main camera seems pretty good.
3. display quality is good.
But if you are using this phone for music purpose  be prepared to shell out extra for a  Good  Quality headset.
Good quality of screen guard available inside the box
5 5 In daylight the camera is very good .
 Nice mobile  good camera quality.
camera is very excellent and the speakers are very good.
1. camera quality is not good in night u will not clear snaps  very bad quality 
Rear camera is not upto the mark but front camera is comparetively better.
camera quality is bettter video quality is good.
Camera quality also good.
just set the sharpness level to level 0  exposure if need to level 1  for front camera  touch AF to ON and last anti bandind to auto mode .
Good camera quality 
The fastest internet and very good camera clarity.
 Nyc phone it has good battery life and good camera.
Good camera quality.
Good phone for 7k packed with great camera both front and back.
Screen guard in box given wasn t of good quality.
camera was so so and that much good.
Good Front and rear camera.
 its mobile camera quality is very bad and also battery backup.
The charger and data cable are of good quality.
sound quality also average  dolby effect is not good enough to listen one sim slut is for 4g but the other slut is compatible with 2g only   whereas other phones like xiaomi have both 4g slut.
Camera is good both front and rear.
but front camera is not good as Lenovo A6000  plz improve if u can.
The interface is very smooth and the camera quality is just Good.
camera is good and display super.
Screen is good  battery is good  camera ok 
Call quality is good and signal receptions are also strong.
Pics taken in 8 MP Camera is good  
Front camera is good  8 10 
sounds good no hangings camera was good 
Conclusion  Who thought buying a Samsung phone under rs 14000 i think that is very dangerous decision because low speed processor   ram frequency is low always hang   very poor battery backup only only camera quality is little better than that ad compared to 8 mp Samsung camera.
nice battery and display with good quality camera as well only drawback may be the sound quality of this device 
Rest of that charging is good and good volume and nice touch sensitivity with good camera and all.
Good Front and rear camera  nice flash also.
--------------------------------------------------------
worst battery  -22
 Good speed and nice display but only the battery is little ok 
Now the problem is No Magnetic sensor support  therefore cant use compass apps on this phone  Battery life is not good enough.
 i am planning to connect ups battery with my lenovo a6000   its sounds funny but this is only way to keep this crap in on condtion  the worst battery backup i ever had in my life tym its totally bullshit.
 Easy operating system  fast browsing and fast in pying games  nice performance  long battery life.
Battery life is quite cooolll 
battery is little makes me unhappy rest all good 
its good one at this price range and the best part is the display is wonderful  battery life is very good and cam is also better even at lowllight conditions it gives u some wonderful shots  with the ram being 2gb the os is fluid and unlike miui vibe is doesnot give u a chineese look feel 
the only problem is the bettry life is very low.
Battery was awesome and heating is totally low.
It good phone to operate hd screen for long lasting battery gud look phone that it very nice  
This mobile is very good and looking nice so purchase it battery life is good 
Unfortunately  i received a defective phone and it is getting shut down randomly  the battery back up is also not good.
hang is also problem  bettry life not good .
good bettary life
 Battery not good  and could not able to hear ring when we hold this phone in pockets.
I ve been using this phone as my primary phone and it has a pathetic battery life.
The mobile has pathetic battery life and above all Lenovo has worst service.
The battery backup was too good  it long last for more than a day without playing games and with playing games it will last for 14 hrs.
 Heating problem and battery sudden reduce.
Ive experienced a heavy heating issue with the phone and Battery backup just lasted for 3hrs in standby.nice battery  93
 Really this is a good phone nice performance and good battery life .
nice battery and display with good quality camera as well only drawback may be the sound quality of this device 
battery backup is quite good also.
battery is little makes me unhappy rest all good 
The Battery life very good as compare Asus Zenphone5  Lava Iris X8   Other 2gb RAM phone.
2 GB RAM super fast  internal memory 16 GB also very good  battery back is very good.
I noticed that the battery life is not bad.
Good battery life and great performance  
Battery life is good no any heating problem while online.
Battery life is also good 
Battery life is decent compared to my Samsung S3.
The battery backup was too good  it long last for more than a day without playing games and with playing games it will last for 14 hrs.
battery life is awesome.
Good camera hugr display  betry life is very good 
Good Battery Backup 
good battery.
battery backup is good   as I am average user   need charge on alternative days.
 Nyc phone it has good battery life and good camera.
I purchased this phone and realized that it is heating up too much even if the phone is kept idle and battery was draing very fast.
Excellent configuration and decent battery life.
Otherwise good phone  very good battery backup  super sound  Dolby  pre.
battery is good .
Battery is quite good gives 30 hour backup after continuously connected to wifi  played a 1.
 Even Good battery life and best affordable phone at this price.
Good display and good battery life but so many software issues are there   
it is heating too much   not able to hold it in hands battery is very poor do not buy consider this phone to buy  
Good battery backup and excellent camera quality 
good battery life.
battery is good if you are a moderate to heavy user  and superb if you are a moderate user then its superb.
 I purchased this phone and realized that it is heating up too much even if the phone is kept idle and battery was draing very fast.
 Very good budget smartphone awsome working good battery back up super fast operating  
Good battery life.
Battery backup is good.
Battery backup also good.
The battery life is also decent and if you are a heavy user then it would easily last for 1.
battery backup is also good.
Very good to formidable battery backup depending on usage.
the battery life is good and no lag 
7  Good battery backup.
Good battery backup
Battery life is also good.
 This mobile is good and excellent battery backup and also worth full .
I was searching a lot for a phone with 5 inches and dual sim and good battery backup.
 Good speed and nice display but only the battery is little ok 
This mobile is very good and looking nice so purchase it battery life is good 
really good and Good battery backup speed charging .
good battery back up
Very fast and has a good battery life.
Phone front camera is very impressive as well as battery backup very good.
Good battery backup.
But  I think  they should give the user a complete bundle of package like  Headset Protection Glass Back Cover and a good battery backup.
Battery backup is good
light weight and battery backup is nice Good RAM  more than 1.
Awesome fone it has a good battery life with a decent display  Worth a penny .
Battery was awesome and heating is totally low.
Speacially battery backup is also good.
good bettary life
Screen is good  battery is good  camera ok 
Good battery life and great performance 
Battery backup good around 12 hrs   watching 3 movies with full brightness and net surfing around 3 hrs   2 hrs video playing  charge becomes 100 to 3   
Battery backup also very good.
 Very good design phone with excellent battery.
--------------------------------------------------------
bad display  -10
Screen Display is very bad and it is shady and pixels is worst.
I replaced phone  but again replaced phone got an flickering issue with display  camera still shown poor display.
Disply  Bright and sharp display
 A very nice and light product as you get sbapdragon and great display and the sound is really great.
Colour Display is poor.
nice display front camera average.
The replacement i received was again faulty  display was scratched.
display is pretty sharp and vibrant that 2 gb ram lets you multitask with out any lag.
Good camera  good display sharp and bright  and also sound is very good.good display  51
Good display and dolby digital sound.
Awesome fone it has a good battery life with a decent display  Worth a penny .
Display is really good.
1  Excellent Display 
Display is very smooth and vibrant.
Display is good with 1280x720.
It has Good Display  Better Sound with Dolby Digital Plus  Good Performance  and Very Smooth Touch Experiance.
Good Display.
Camera batry display all are fantastic.
And there is no solid Display Protection like Gorilla Glass 3 or Dragon Trail Glass.
Display is awesome.
nice display front camera average.
6  The 5 inch display is great.
display is also good.
 Osm smartphone very good display nice product plz everybody use this phone 
The phone has got a very good display and nice pre.
6  Display is good with wide viewing angle of 170 degrees with 294 pixel per inch and has a resolution of 1280x720.
nice display 
 Good speed and nice display but only the battery is little ok 
Excellent Display
display is vibrant and viewing angle is awesome.
 A very nice and light product as you get sbapdragon and great display and the sound is really great.
1. excellent display
Good display and good battery life but so many software issues are there   
Good display nice battery backup   sound awesome over all nice phone.
Display is good.
super cool phone with great design  feels good in hand  crisp and a vibrant display  the much need 2GB of RAM and 16GB Internal Space is just awesome  and the camera quality is really good.
Amazing Display.
The worst  When we cover the display with hand we cant see anything 
HD display is amazing.
Brilliant display and HD video watching is fun  with the superb DOLBY twin speakers for output.
decent 8mp camera quality  good battery backup  mainly this comes with 4G capability which made me more happier  display quality is also good  decent value of 2 GB RAM makes it work in great speed and no lagging atall.
Display touch feels very grainy.
 display good best budget phone with all specs 
display is good.
Fantastic Display
 A very good cell to buy amazing display and features.
Good display.
Good display 
The quality of display is good.
Display is colorful and bright.
--------------------------------------------------------
bad performance  -19
The overall performance of this phone is killing every third phone available in the market at same price.
Only attracting the smart phone users  performance is very bad at this price range.
The overall performance is Good.
dear Lenovo  never expected a bad product from u. nice looking light wieght and performance is too good so i suggest to every one for purchased it and then fell the andriod world in your hand 
but the product performance is very poor and gone dead within 6 months.
The battery performance is good but not the best  but it is ok for moderate usage it comfortable for one day.
average performance.
for performance i can say that app opening speed is gud but its not smooth or fluid for all time you can feel stutter here and there but still very good performance for price 
you cannot expect very impressive and high performance from such a low budget VFM handset.
the phone looks so cool and configuration os also superb  but coming to the performance hard ware  the phone is overheating and temp suddently rose to 57 degrees speakers load  implies the dolby trade mark but output of the sound get quenchy.
Good specifications but very poor performance.
Excellent mobile light weight performance is grate   16 GB ROM   2 GB RAM storage capacity   Also battery capacity long time 
I m using this phone for around 20 days now and I m not at all happy with its performance.
No lags  awesome performance  this mobile does not have any notification problem.
and it was delivered within two days  but the product performance is not good as the Incoming Calls voice is not audible and as per the advice I have downloaded App to check and your product specialist called on 20th Jan  but not able to get problem solved.
Wonderful performance  Camera quality is too good   Touch response is smooth  sound quality is awesome  Slim phone with no hanging and no heating issue.
 Received the phone yesterday but not happy with performance.great performance  45
 Nice performance.
Awesome performance by the phone after upgrading the RAM to 2 GB.
I recommend to buy REdmi 2 prime at this range with outstanding performance  using since 1 month  
Great performance with superb battery backup.
Great performance n output.
super battery backup  high performance  super picture quality  economy  attractive colors
hardware performance is good better than redmi 2 .
fast and fluid performance i suggested this device to my friends now 4 of us using this device and coming to camera Good Picture Quality and HD Video Recording.
 performance is very good.
 the phone is very good with excellent performance.
Set all storage settings to memory card and you would get optimum performance always.
Super phone and performance are good looking good slim camera good 
Rest of the features and performance is good.
 Good product good performance good looking and stunning audio 
The design was really nice and the performance is extraordinary.
Ram  Performance very good and also no lagging.
 Good performance.
 Awesome mobile  nice ram and performance nice sounds very fast 
01 performance good with any bug  
Phone performance is ok.
Tried some top end games with good performance.
High performance hardware.
Mobile is great  Camera performance is far better than many mobiles in this price range.
Good performance  nice to have this phone 
remaing performance is excellent 
for my friend and family and all of those having good performance 
Its performance is marvelous.
battery performance is good 
using it since month  I got LOLLIPOP update in the august end and the performance is excellent than kitkat.
performance is smooth.
Gaming performance also good
camera performance also could be better.
Need to replace the touch screen for good performance.
Performance is great with its 2GB RAM.
I am fully satisfied with this mobile performance  In the review peoples given cons like no OTG  no key backight LED   camera quality avg .
 good one its a nice phone giving best performance .
Unbelievably fluid performance and multitasking is a lot of fun on this device .
good performance.
Its performance is good  Real Racing and Asphalt 8 run well with no lag  thanks to quad core CPU and 2 GB RAM.
However I suggest this phone to everyone because of its fluid UI and decent performance.
I am using A6000  it is good in quality and good performance.
Good battery life and great performance 
Good battery life and great performance  
--------------------------------------------------------
heating issue  -22
Not much heating compare to other phones.
Heating is a very huge issue while charging and talking both.
It is very Impressive  Still did not face any issue especially heating  but most of the review says there is heating issue  but i did not face the heating issue  
Heating problem  slow battery charging and quick battery draing issues from the date of receipt of the phone.
When I used and found heavy heating issue with the phone and Battery backup.
No heat  not much heating compare to other phones
over heating  camera problem automatic shutdown   
this is not a good product i have buy with our two other friends but is not a good product network connectivity  heating   and hanging is major problem.
Wonderful performance  Camera quality is too good   Touch response is smooth  sound quality is awesome  Slim phone with no hanging and no heating issue.
Ive experienced a heavy heating issue with the phone and Battery backup just lasted for 3hrs in standby.
Not found any heating issue  but when charging charger is heating
bought on 18 5 2015 after 16 days my phane is hang and restart automatically  hard heating issue and battery consume very fast like after 3 hours battery remaing 13 .
This procedure has helped me resolve the high batter consumption issue as well as excessive heating issue of the phone.
They will not replace for sure if u r facing such heating issue.
I have been using since last 10 days  what i noticed is battery is not lasting more than 6 hrs  heating problem also there if you use mobile continuosly.
after that new problem i interacted with was the heating up of battery by its own.
believe me   Heating issue is that much We cant take it in hand like Its going to burn.
No heating problem as i don t do excessive gaming.
--------------------------------------------------------
gb internal memory  21
16 GB internal memory accessible up to 12 GB 
and the 2GB RAM makes it lag free n the humongous 16GB Internal Memory relieves you from transferring media  photos  etc to Memory card for making free space on internal memory.
2GB RAM and 16GB Internal Memory is awesome.
2 GB RAM super fast  internal memory 16 GB also very good  battery back is very good.
excellent mobile smooth touch wiyh 2 gb ram 16gb internal memory.
brought it for one of my friend  she is finding it very nice  decent look  picture quality is nice  battery backup is also nice  internal memory could have been little more  else it very delicate and handy product.
1  16 GB internal memory
2GB RAM and 16GB internal memory in this budget is good.
But internal memory 
In this budget the phone with 2gb RAM is fine but ROM i. e. internal memory showing 16gb but we get it only 4gb appx  
Phone worked great for a week  then after adding some movies to external Memory card the phone began to heat up and temperature consistently remained above 40 degree C. Media server was taking up more than 50  of the battery as seen from the battery tab.
Most apps can be moved to SD card storage  thereby freeing internal memory for phone usage.
internal memory 16gb is enough space for storage .
16gb internal memory at this price was good 
 My best mobile and good in picture quality and enough memory 
16GB of inbuilt ROM  fr this no external memory required.
So i used the mobile without memory card for a Day  i faced no heat and the battery is solid.
most of users said backlight issue  if you operation this phone automatically you know which button your going to use  my frnd have 10 000 rs android didn t have backlight but only 1gb Ram 8 gb internal memory 
the reson of buy the mobile is it s very large internal memory   largest ram in satisfied price.
2 gb ram and 16 gb internal memory guys.
no low memory issues yet.
2 GHz  16 GB ROM and one feature which was pretty important to me  expandable memory slot.
Lenovo mobile is the best mobile it has good features like2 GB ram 16 GB internal memory 
Best part is 2gb ram and 16gb intenal memory 12 gb usable 
Cheap mobile with ultimate features and super working condition after one year soo smart a mobile is fully considered as economy mobile great to be onwer of Lenovo a6000 with 2 gb ram and 16gm internal memory and many fanabtastic features .
--------------------------------------------------------
ram 16 gb  19
16 GB internal memory accessible up to 12 GB 
2gb DDR3 533MHz   available ram is around 1.
 With 16 GB it is very good to use it.
2 GB RAM good for multitasking
Good mobile  no hanging  2gb ram its very good for this price  and also 4g support its rreally awesome.
2 GB RAM super fast  internal memory 16 GB also very good  battery back is very good.
and the 2GB RAM makes it lag free n the humongous 16GB Internal Memory relieves you from transferring media  photos  etc to Memory card for making free space on internal memory.
Its everything of A6000 with added RAM 1 to 2 and storage of 8 to 16 GB  
1  16 GB internal memory
4GB free RAM.
In this budget the phone with 2gb RAM is fine but ROM i. e. internal memory showing 16gb but we get it only 4gb appx  
RAM   2gb ram was soo good no lagging at all
2 GB ram 16 gb internal .
 it is a good phone as it is light in weight   2 gb ram and thin sleek design .
2gb ram and 16gb internal pretty fair deal 
2 gb ram is also good  I have always free 1.
2gb ram is always free which is very good
Complimented with 2GB RAM Apps load super fast including the games  and with multiple apps running in the background the phone still has sufficient RAM to load more.
Ram  2 GB is awesome
Memory  16 gb great 
2 gb ram is perfect 
most of users said backlight issue  if you operation this phone automatically you know which button your going to use  my frnd have 10 000 rs android didn t have backlight but only 1gb Ram 8 gb internal memory 
16 GB internal is also an added edge over others
display is pretty sharp and vibrant that 2 gb ram lets you multitask with out any lag.
1gb ram is available free after installing many apps.
but it has three gb ram its so nice.
2GB RAM and 16 GB are attractive.
Lenovo mobile is the best mobile it has good features like2 GB ram 16 GB internal memory 
Best part is 2gb ram and 16gb intenal memory 12 gb usable 
--------------------------------------------------------
speed  17
 Good speed and nice display but only the battery is little ok 
awesome speed.
Good speed
Conclusion  Who thought buying a Samsung phone under rs 14000 i think that is very dangerous decision because low speed processor   ram frequency is low always hang   very poor battery backup only only camera quality is little better than that ad compared to 8 mp Samsung camera.
Its weight are only 120 grams and this phone are very easy for gaming and its download speed are so good.
and no issues with respect to call and 4G speed is good and consitant.
decent 8mp camera quality  good battery backup  mainly this comes with 4G capability which made me more happier  display quality is also good  decent value of 2 GB RAM makes it work in great speed and no lagging atall.
Because of 4G Lte support the internet browsing speed is good.
high speed no hanging.
Very nice use very easy camere claretiy super gameing speed good 
Processor speed is good.
camera quality is good speed is best there is no hanging problems.
2g and 3g internet speed is very slow
Excellent speed
 This phone is in budget and super speed and i use roughly but this device can t hanging when use of multitasking  and lollipop upgradeable.
processing speed is so good.
Light weight  handy  high speed processor without hanging problem.
2   mobile speed is very fast with 2 GB ram   1.
and decent speed 
 am totally satisfied with this phone really working good and speed.
--------------------------------------------------------
value for money  15
 Great phone with 4g technique and nice features  is true value for money 
 Best value for money.
complete value fr money.
decent 8mp camera quality  good battery backup  mainly this comes with 4G capability which made me more happier  display quality is also good  decent value of 2 GB RAM makes it work in great speed and no lagging atall.
True value for money.
so good so better then any same value mobile.
Increased internal storage space and RAM make this an even better value purchase.
Worth buying  good product  good touch  powerful hardware  no lag  performance is good  value for money.
best value of product and price 
The best value for money phone.
Overall complete value for the money paid.
RAM 2 GB is adding great value to the phone
 Value for money and good to go with this.
 It is good value of money.
great value for money.
--------------------------------------------------------
heating issue  -22
Not much heating compare to other phones.
Heating is a very huge issue while charging and talking both.
It is very Impressive  Still did not face any issue especially heating  but most of the review says there is heating issue  but i did not face the heating issue  
When I used and found heavy heating issue with the phone and Battery backup.
No heat  not much heating compare to other phones
They will not replace for sure if u r facing such heating issue.
over heating  camera problem automatic shutdown   
believe me   Heating issue is that much We cant take it in hand like Its going to burn.
Wonderful performance  Camera quality is too good   Touch response is smooth  sound quality is awesome  Slim phone with no hanging and no heating issue.
Ive experienced a heavy heating issue with the phone and Battery backup just lasted for 3hrs in standby.
Not found any heating issue  but when charging charger is heating
bought on 18 5 2015 after 16 days my phane is hang and restart automatically  hard heating issue and battery consume very fast like after 3 hours battery remaing 13 .
This procedure has helped me resolve the high batter consumption issue as well as excessive heating issue of the phone.
Heating problem  slow battery charging and quick battery draing issues from the date of receipt of the phone.
I have been using since last 10 days  what i noticed is battery is not lasting more than 6 hrs  heating problem also there if you use mobile continuosly.
after that new problem i interacted with was the heating up of battery by its own.
this is not a good product i have buy with our two other friends but is not a good product network connectivity  heating   and hanging is major problem.
No heating problem as i don t do excessive gaming.no heating  15
very much heating problem.
Till now the phone is working good no heating issues etc.
When I used and found heavy heating issue with the phone and Battery backup.
 U should have to clean the ram for battery and heating issue.
After 2 days using this phone  i must say that this phone have major heating problem  i used it 15 minutes regular use and its like im holding a heater in my hand
but sometime mobile have heating problem.
  U should have to clean the ram for battery and heating issue.
Also there was high heating issue.
it is a good phone but still heating issue is there.
After 2 days using this phone  i must say that this phone have major heating problem  i used it 15 minutes regular use and its like im holding a heater in my hand 
I did t face any major heating problem even though I m a gamer.
1  Major heating problem  As this is smart phone  every one must be expecting to use internet on it.
Lenovo A6000 plus has also battery draing and heating issue.
But no heating issue untill now and its flexible to use multiple applications at a time  because of the lavishness of 2GB RAM.
--------------------------------------------------------
dolby digital  9
Dolby sound worth for it.
When talking about the Sound quality  Dolby is very impressive.
the speaker or zenfone 5 is so low  this device powered by dual speakers and dolby enhanced must definitely be better.
2gb ram   great camera front   back with great dolby sound quality 
There is no Dolby digital effect unless you use some good company s ear phone.
Sound quality is fabulous with Dolby sound effect  Just love the sound effect.
o o o Dolby is awesome sound good sound quality evn little little word to be heared.
Dolby digital Sound.
The dolby digital system is great if you have better headphone philips she 1360 is good budget headphone mrp 160 to go with this phone 
The twin speakers are pretty loud but to feel the real  DOLBY  effect connect it to a good external speakers or In.
Sound quality   so crystal clear talk experience and Dolby sound give good musical experience   
--------------------------------------------------------
support  8
 Good phone but OTG support is not there  little disappointed.
I got call from your tech support He was very hurry to disconnect the call and He was not interested to listen my query He was just like completing his call target for his job instead of helping to customers  issue.
 As usual excellent support and speedy delivery from flip.
the customer support is not much responble to return.
I have already spoken to flipkart technical support team and they asked me to follow trouble shooting steps.
Good mobile  no hanging  2gb ram its very good for this price  and also 4g support its rreally awesome.
very bad support 
keep the good support .
with out Quality checking lenovo mobiles send to coustemers my mobile phone received and inserted the battery it is not switched on Return policy also very terrific customer care support also very poor.
--------------------------------------------------------
bad_sound  -1
 This phone is nice  I bought it 10 days back and m happy with my purchases  interesting thing is it s lightweight and sound quality is excellent  thanks to flipkart  good sound  8
Excellent Sound Quality earphone  speaker  Dobly feature is awesome.
 This phone is nice  I bought it 10 days back and m happy with my purchases  interesting thing is it s lightweight and sound quality is excellent  thanks to flipkart  
sound quality excellent
--------------------------------------------------------
front and rear  8
Good Front and rear camera  nice flash also.
Good Front and rear camera.
has very good rear camera really impressed with the battery backup with this phone.
--------------------------------------------------------
flip kart  -8
processing is fast with 2gb RAM size and shape of the phone is good slim  low weight   good service from flip kart delivered in 8 days in good condition.
 I bought this phone from flip kart.
Thanks flip kart for same.
delivered by flip kart in 2days.
 Good product I am recommend to all my customers please purchase this product all flip kart cus 
Buy this phone from only flip kart.
I am very much happy with shopping with flip kart 
I recieved from flip kart with in specified time.
I feel flip kart is selling faulty product.
Later I came to know one of my friend also bought this phone from shop by paying 200 more than the flip kart price.
--------------------------------------------------------
experience  8
worst experience.
Nice phone and best also it s is a great experience phone that I purchased 
First time this product you face very good in budget but its wrong you fill sure very bad experience after buy it.
it has dolby dual speaker   which make our entertainment experience good  nice sound produced by this.
In Camera section I would say it gives you a decent experience  pictures come out to be nice.
 Awesome experience  my second android after Karbonn A9   512 RAM .
Really very bad experience with flipkart.
This is my first bad experience with Flipkart since two years.
Talking about Selfi Cam  some times it Feels It gives better experience than the primary one.
Game experience is also very good.
 My screen shattered after a month used and the worst part OMG the screen cost 4500 bad experience with Lenovo.
 It was great shopping experience from flipcart surprisingly it came within two days after placing order.
but this experience is getting distateful   
whenever i tried to scroll a long list there is always a time delay in between my swiping the screen up to down scrolling  and actual movement of screen display this is the most pathetic experience  it gives a feeling of operating a used phone at least 5 to 7 years old .
Sound quality   so crystal clear talk experience and Dolby sound give good musical experience   
 It was a nice experience with this phone.
 i had a bitter experience after updating the software.
it is a disappointing experience
Gaming experience is really good.
Also the speakers gave a very nice experience while playing games or listing music on speakers   making loud speaker calls.
Browising experience is also very good.
Dont buy from Flipkart and lenovo and WS Retailer because my personal experience last one month.
awesome experience when i m using this phones.
This is my worst experience on E. Shopping since last 3 years.
--------------------------------------------------------
days of usage  -7
24 hours with moderate to heavy usage.
 battery backup is just awsm its give a full 24 hours backup after moderate usage
Like every other Android battery does not provide great backup but OK. On moderate usage it should last more than a day and that is your que.
But overall with first three days of usage  I am happy with the phone.
Battery usually stand for 1 day on moderate usage 
I didnt have any hopes on Android L. Except these thing every thing OK. Pros  1  The phone has minimal heating on heavy usage compared to other phones under 7.
All Android devices get hot while heavy usage or gaming.
heavy usage.
I listen to music  watch videos   the Most part of my mobile usage is Calling  SMS  Net Surfing  Chatting etc.
Battery Backup is also very good  Will easily run more than a day on average usage.
Trade off is it last 1 day with full heavy usage and 1.
48 hours on moderate usage and around 20 hours on heavy usage with over 5 hours ov screen on time.
Overall  based on my usage  if you are casual user with frequent videos music playback and calling  internet browsing this is a great phone for the price.
it gets hot even for a small usage 
The battery performance is good but not the best  but it is ok for moderate usage it comfortable for one day.
two times charging required in a day with moderate usage of internet browsing  music and call  
Battery comes for 1d 16 hrs on avg usage and 1d 2h on heavy usage.
38  after heavy i mean really heavy usage  .
2  BATTERY   For many people  battery is very major aspect of mobile usage.
5  days with moderate usage and less of internet when not in use
You could easily get up to 30 hours of moderate to high usage.
Current one drains to roughly 50  after 2 hr of heavy usage.
--------------------------------------------------------
no notification light  7
Talking about the camera  My brother has Micromax Canvas Nitro it has 13 mp rear camera  we just compare the both camera performance Lenovo is prity good in low light but not in day time.
rear cam in daylight and low light it is superb but in very low light not good
feels light and good.
Cons rear camera average no back light no led indicator 
Light and slim no flaws till now working fine.
Just that indoor low light shots have visible pixels in them.
flash light is great too.
Very stylish   light weight.
5  Rear camera is good but not the best  low light pictures are often blur.
Camera takes great pictures in good light  low light pics are grainy  at night with tube light illumination only .
But in low light pictures are grainy.
8 Built quality is very good   the phone is very slim  light weight 128 grams    can be operated by one hand.
The feel on hands is very comfortable with its Matte back and its super light.
I found lot of blur in images even in good light.
--------------------------------------------------------
best in class  7
Best in class.
Best in class of 2G RAM  Excellent picture quality.
Best in class according to the price.
awesome mobile best in class fully worth of money.
--------------------------------------------------------
bad quality  -6
build quality is not that great however at this price its worth it
Build quality is very poor.
Build quality looks poor   sensitive if u observe with out back panel
Build quality looks poor   sensitive if u observe with out back panel 
--------------------------------------------------------
lenovo a6000  -6
I m not happy with lenovo a6000 .
Good gaget excellent in mobile Lenovo a6000 plus thank you Flipkart 
i placed the order for lenovo A6000 plus  i get a phone without headphone.
I usually don t write reviews  but was forced to because of how poor this phone is and how poor Lenovo s customer service is.
Now  it should not be too difficult to choose between Lenovo and Yu.
Of course LENOVO could provide a cheap one but then you would again complain for the same would you not  Be wise and take your decision.
Lenovo little late in updates but overall good buy.
5  No head phone available in the set  however the one which they gave with lenovo a6000 was very cheap  so that s not an issue.
Firstly i bought Lenovo A6000 on the very first sale and i was really very impressed with the looks for just 7k.
This is one place where Lenovo beats similar priced phones.
But disappointed from Lenovo  this is the 1st phone of my life which didn t come with handsfree.
So before you buy a Lenovo A6000 plus consider visiting their service center  You will see a lot of people with faulty A6000 plus there.
 I bought Lenovo A6000 plus mobile from flipkart on 28.
I would always love to buy Lenovo mobile phones.
I have also purchased Lenovo A7000 for my cousin brother  I figured it out that battery of Lenovo A7000 is much better than A6000 plus.
I contacted Flipkart  they advised me to visit Service Center for Lenovo smart phones.
Which is absent in Lenovo A7000.
 Awesome cheap and good lenovo A60000 plus.
but front camera is not good as Lenovo A6000  plz improve if u can.
1  LENOVO should have provided backlit Android keys just get used to it  not rocket science  as it would not have caused Lenovo much and perhaps notification LED as well.
 I Am using this phone since last 7 month  it is excellent phone in low range  just buy it   i love lenovo phone.
i ordered Lenovo A6000 plus i get the specifications as A6000  but the mobile model name appeared as A6000 only.
Talking about the camera  My brother has Micromax Canvas Nitro it has 13 mp rear camera  we just compare the both camera performance Lenovo is prity good in low light but not in day time.
Lenovo A6000 decent camera  best color reproduction  and as the previous model has 1GB ram  it may have issues with ram management 
dear Lenovo  never expected a bad product from u. nice looking light wieght and performance is too good so i suggest to every one for purchased it and then fell the andriod world in your hand 
E 2nd generation but I think Lenovo A6000 plus deserves the best.
But this phone Lenovo A6000  is really awesome.
Advance features in lenovo A6000  good processor  camera  Front camera for video Calling and many more.
Battery super ips display very nice camera 8mp very nice lenovo product also perfect 7000 Rate the mobile orth 
recently i have brought lenovo 6000  from flipkart the flipkart service is good but the mobile phone from lenovo is really bad.
I ordered lenovo A 6000 plus and guess what  all i got was BOX for A6000 Plus with A6000  older version  inside.
I Am using this phone since last 7 month  it is excellent phone in low range  just buy it   i love lenovo phone.
Cheap mobile with ultimate features and super working condition after one year soo smart a mobile is fully considered as economy mobile great to be onwer of Lenovo a6000 with 2 gb ram and 16gm internal memory and many fanabtastic features .
biggest advantage is Dolby compare to other device this unique i mean lenovo s some model .
--------------------------------------------------------
review  -6
 First of All i must tell that i don t review products i buy but i have to do this for this.
i want too use dis mbl some dayzzz ltr i gave full review .
Which forces me to write this review .
Ll post the progress in my next review 
So  don t go for negative review.
and i m rating this1 start so that every one can see my review  but i think flipkart will hide true reviews so they could bluff more people and cheat them.
its all about mine review review about lenovo A6000.
Hello everyone  This is my first review so you can trust on my review.
Was this review helpful  Yes No 
I don t want to give any star to this product but I have to   cause without that I am unable to give this valuable review to all my friends who are planning to purchase this device .
Before purchasing this phone I read lot s of negative and positive review about this phone.
For more details on the camera and performance  stay tuned for our full review of the A6000 Plus.
A genuine review from my side.
--------------------------------------------------------
android  5
I have no complain regarding this to lenovo  because it tries to give us to be a part of good android phone owner in this price range.
Vanilla Stock Android would be better instead of Lenovo s own VIBE UI.
 You will never be satisfied by this mobile if you are a real or expert or knowledgeable or frequent ANDROID or SMARTPHONE user.
VIBE UI To some extent it is great but Stock android would have been better
its very good android mobile.
 Awesome experience  my second android after Karbonn A9   512 RAM .
The issue was with the SD Card  I used 32GB SD Card as is form my older android phone running on v4.
--------------------------------------------------------
games  5
But i senn gud thing in mobile is that it will not slow  it will load heavy games also and battery backup also gud .
However the lag is less pronounced on heavy games such as Dead Trigger 2 and Riptide GP2 and hardly noticeable.
No lags even while playing high end games  However warms up a little.
 Easy operating system  fast browsing and fast in pying games  nice performance  long battery life.
if your are game maniac and wanter to install heavy games as soon you get this handset then better think twice before buying.
Supporting large games because of 2GB RAM.
35GB which is great  One can install apps   games directly from SD card   call quality is excelent   no call drops  Beyond Excelent Battery if you dont do any thing from 100  even after 1hrs 25mints it will be 100 .
The lag is quite annoying such that playing the above basic games is an eyesore.
Noticed stuttering lagging every couple of seconds even on less intensive games such as Angry Birds  Subway Surfers and Temple Run.
8. good for heavy games .
However Playing games produced a little heat up near the camera  little not too heavy    also battery drainage is high when we play heavy games.
I have tried games like temple run  Subway surfer  candy crush.
I played many games such as SubwaySurfer Minion Rush or Asphalt 8 without Lagging.
I used Asphast 8  Call of duty and other heavy games and it was playing without any lag.
Adreno 306  can play some  or most of the games at high or medium settings.
The battery backup was too good  it long last for more than a day without playing games and with playing games it will last for 14 hrs.
it gets heated up   although not much while playing games   and in normal usage it doesn t heated up at all.
--------------------------------------------------------
hours  -5
battery back Up More Than 24 Hours as i am average user  
24 hours with moderate to heavy usage.
In the last 24 hours  the phone was switched off for 5 times without any warning or anything  and everytime we have to remove the battery and put it ON to switch on the phone.
The battery is pathetic  even if the mobile has been charged completely it will not last more than three to four hours that too when barely a few calls were made and a game was played for 15 minutes.
 battery backup is just awsm its give a full 24 hours backup after moderate usage
8 hours it automatically switched off and is not ready to boot  I am required to remove battery and refit to restart 
You could easily get up to 30 hours of moderate to high usage.
5 hours to get fully charged and looses it within few hours even it is idle.
3 hours to charge completely which is huge 
--------------------------------------------------------
user  -5
battery is good if you are a moderate to heavy user  and superb if you are a moderate user then its superb.
battery back Up More Than 24 Hours as i am average user  
Overall  based on my usage  if you are casual user with frequent videos music playback and calling  internet browsing this is a great phone for the price.
Affordable price   with all the specs required by a common user  
bt u are a heavy user dnt choose dis one.
they are provide very good user memory.
It depends on user to user  but it felt great to me  easy to use navigate.
The battery life is also decent and if you are a heavy user then it would easily last for 1.
45GB available and out of 16GB Rom user available is 11.
This is a serious technical fault and I find no use when the phone goes to a dead mode  switch off mode  while on standby as the user will be unaware of the status of the phone and might even end up missing important calls.
--------------------------------------------------------
replacement  -5
As I am eligible for a replacement why they are asking me take this faulty phone to Lenovo service center.
And again i asked for replacement  but this time they provided me with refund.
Keeping it unused for replacement.
So i asked for a Replacement but they Rejected it.
 initially we faced a trouble with the mobile and we asked for the replacement with the new but the flipkart rejected and suggested some settings over the phone.
6 days atleast  in such replacement.
--------------------------------------------------------
in low range  -5
It is an Excellent phone in low range.
I Am using this phone since last 7 month  it is excellent phone in low range  just buy it   i love lenovo phone.
 I Am using this phone since last 7 month  it is excellent phone in low range  just buy it   i love lenovo phone.
One of the best phones in low range .
--------------------------------------------------------
smooth  5
smooth touch 
excellent mobile smooth touch wiyh 2 gb ram 16gb internal memory.
Its smooth and fantastic.
Touch smooth 
Pros  Excellent UI  no noticeable lag and ultra smooth touch interface.
--------------------------------------------------------
light weight  5
Some times we can t identify where the phone really is because of its low weight.
Light weight  looks slim  great features   affordable price makes this a masterpiece
less weight
1  Mobile is very light in weight and pretty slim.
sleek design   Light weight   single hand operation  
Very stylish   light weight.
Excellent mobile light weight performance is grate   16 GB ROM   2 GB RAM storage capacity   Also battery capacity long time 
Light weight   single hand operation  
8 Built quality is very good   the phone is very slim  light weight 128 grams    can be operated by one hand.
 Light weight mobile easy handling thanks
--------------------------------------------------------
good at price  4
Camera quality is good and the body built is also good at this price.
Low price  least weight good features  nice style  rest all are good.
16gb internal memory at this price was good 
its good in that price.
good and best at affordable price.
 lenovo give good features in less price but they are compro with quality.
Good at this price 
It is nice phone with low price and good features.
Bought for best price but shipped lately device is fine and good 
when i took phone from my dad s hand i turned on display and i was amazed wow  it was so beautiful and vibrant surely i didnt expected it to be this much good at this price.
--------------------------------------------------------
to sd card  4
Songs Collection which I have in my Memory Card  I am not able to see those in built.
Also it gives you the option to move apps to SD card  so that is great.
No heating and battery draing issues unless you use memory card.
to check whether if i m right just remove the card first and then use the device.
While I am using same sim card in my Samsung mobile which is with 1GB ram  internet speed is quite good than lenevo of 2 GB 
 firstly the graphic card is clocked at 310mhz eventhough its capabality is 400mhz otherwise do not update yr phn to lollipol 5.
7  Other good features are SD card support  4G  VIBE interface and noise cancellation mic.
I have installed a 32 GB Sandisk Ultra Class 10 Micro SD card which works fine with this phone.
Then i Formated the memory card in the mobile itself and using till now  its almost 3 weeks and the phone is excellent.
The issue was with the SD Card  I used 32GB SD Card as is form my older android phone running on v4.
Formatting micro sd card is essential to avoid heating problem  Thanks for reviews  
--------------------------------------------------------
lollipop update  4
After starting the phone got system update which is good to see
4. no lollipop   it will available in 2nd quarter of the year  
LOLLIPOP update is awesome.
6  Hopefully get the Lollipop upgrade soon.
 This phone is in budget and super speed and i use roughly but this device can t hanging when use of multitasking  and lollipop upgradeable.
some device may create problem after os update but after reset it will work fine.
please don t update.
--------------------------------------------------------
on sd card  4
The issue was with the SD Card  I used 32GB SD Card as is form my older android phone running on v4.
7  Other good features are SD card support  4G  VIBE interface and noise cancellation mic.
Also it gives you the option to move apps to SD card  so that is great.
I have installed a 32 GB Sandisk Ultra Class 10 Micro SD card which works fine with this phone.
--------------------------------------------------------
month  -3
 I bought this lenovo a6000   on nov15 and got a replaced one on the same month for screen touch problem thanks to the amazing customer res ponse for flipkart and the seller WS retail  
 Hi I purchased lenovo A6000 Plus from flipkart last month.
im nt able to take the quality pic since 1 month i buy.
from past one month I am facing heating issue.
i used is since last 6 month   after update not facing any issue 
 I using the mobile for the past 1 month  it is good and charge holds for 2 days.
 Got this mobile month back and i don t see as much problems in it.
It has been about 3 months since I purchased this phone and I have had to take it to the customer service 5 times already  The display of the phone started disappearing from the first month itself.
But after one and half month  my touch has stopped working.
--------------------------------------------------------
bad quality  -6
build quality is not that great however at this price its worth it
Build quality is very poor.
Build quality looks poor   sensitive if u observe with out back panel
Build quality looks poor   sensitive if u observe with out back panel good quality  3
The build quality is great and it supports 5 point multi touch.
the build quality is decent and u will have a good feel while holding the handset in hand.
This phone has a good build quality.
--------------------------------------------------------
processor  3
smooth touch  big screen and processor is brilliant 
It has decent camera good processor internal memory is enough phone is fast and smooth and has been updated to lollipop  
I played Asphalt 8 for an hour  which is just enough to heat up a phone with any processor related heating issues.
cheap plastics used but what lies inside is the crux which is an excellent processor and gud HD qulity screen .
There are many application like this  this is harmful for processor and the battery.
--------------------------------------------------------
at price range  -3
Don t cry for the unavailability of headphone in the box because at this price range it is too much to ask for.
Its Ok but its great if consider price point as you cant get better than that at this range.
Buy Redmi 2 Prime that is only product similar to Lenovo A6000 Plus otherwise no phone rencounter this in same price range.
--------------------------------------------------------
for a6000 plus  3
Lenovo A6000 decent camera  best color reproduction  and as the previous model has 1GB ram  it may have issues with ram management 
I have also purchased Lenovo A7000 for my cousin brother  I figured it out that battery of Lenovo A7000 is much better than A6000 plus.
I m not happy with lenovo a6000 .
 just like a6000 but its never hang like a6000 and better in performance but a6000 plus does t have headset in box so its ur opinions wheather to buy or not without headset 
5  No head phone available in the set  however the one which they gave with lenovo a6000 was very cheap  so that s not an issue.
 I am not using it  gifted to Elder Sister  She is using since last 1 months lenovo A6000 Plus working fine with 43 Apps support 32Gb memmory card android Lollypop 5.
E 2nd generation but I think Lenovo A6000 plus deserves the best.
But this phone Lenovo A6000  is really awesome.
So before you buy a Lenovo A6000 plus consider visiting their service center  You will see a lot of people with faulty A6000 plus there.
i placed the order for lenovo A6000 plus  i get a phone without headphone.
Advance features in lenovo A6000  good processor  camera  Front camera for video Calling and many more.
flat off on A6000 by Flipkart.
Model information it shows A6000 for the mobile which i ordered A6000 PLUS.
 I bought Lenovo A6000 plus mobile from flipkart on 28.
I ordered lenovo A 6000 plus and guess what  all i got was BOX for A6000 Plus with A6000  older version  inside.
company increase RAM   internal memory in its old mobile A6000 only.
i ordered Lenovo A6000 plus i get the specifications as A6000  but the mobile model name appeared as A6000 only.
16 i sell this for k3 note  but k3 note is not good against a6000  i lost my a6000  and money 
--------------------------------------------------------
vibe ui  3
Vibe UI is also nice.
its good one at this price range and the best part is the display is wonderful  battery life is very good and cam is also better even at lowllight conditions it gives u some wonderful shots  with the ram being 2gb the os is fluid and unlike miui vibe is doesnot give u a chineese look feel 
4 running with Vibe UI  which is smooth and user friendly.
--------------------------------------------------------
memory card  3
Songs Collection which I have in my Memory Card  I am not able to see those in built.
and the 2GB RAM makes it lag free n the humongous 16GB Internal Memory relieves you from transferring media  photos  etc to Memory card for making free space on internal memory.
No heating and battery draing issues unless you use memory card.
So i used the mobile without memory card for a Day  i faced no heat and the battery is solid.
Phone worked great for a week  then after adding some movies to external Memory card the phone began to heat up and temperature consistently remained above 40 degree C. Media server was taking up more than 50  of the battery as seen from the battery tab.
Most apps can be moved to SD card storage  thereby freeing internal memory for phone usage.
Then i Formated the memory card in the mobile itself and using till now  its almost 3 weeks and the phone is excellent.
--------------------------------------------------------
no heating issues  2
Till now the phone is working good no heating issues etc.
I am planning to exchange the phone through Flipkart  while I was searching over google i found out there are many pieces with the same issues.
Overall No issues in 2months usage 
Secondary issues 
Was very skeptical about it because of mixed reviews  but till now I see no major issues.
it has major touch issues lagging while gaming heating issues and last but not least camera clarity issues.
First of all to all those spammers   fake reviewers writing about Heating issues  There is little heating which is definitely under control   it can never be considered as a drawback.
Hope this will help others to get similar issues resolved.
--------------------------------------------------------
fine  2
 Till now good and working fine.
Camera  rear is ok. cool  front is super fine.
Other than this working fine.
--------------------------------------------------------
to service centre  -2
Went to Lenovo Service Centre in Kolkata Parstreet and found out its a single service centre for HCL  RedMi  Leno and dozens of other mobiles.
very big problem solved by same service centre.
NO GOOD SERVICE CENTRE.
If i go to service centre definitely they will take remedial measures to correct the problem.
--------------------------------------------------------
viewing angle  -2
6  Display is good with wide viewing angle of 170 degrees with 294 pixel per inch and has a resolution of 1280x720.
Average screen  not very good viewing angles  colours get darker when phone is tilted a bit.
display is vibrant and viewing angle is awesome.
--------------------------------------------------------
till  2
I purchased this mobile  till now I didn t get any problem which is mentioned in bad reviews.
 It s good and nic working till now it s good u must buy it its of worth 
--------------------------------------------------------
to service center  -2
It is the worst service I am getting  response from call center.
Once you purchase this they will make it so difficult for you so that you stop calling service center and throw this mobile away.
So i planed to take it to the service center.
4  service centers service is not good.
Lenovo  your after buy service is really bad  they dont have the spare battery for A6000 plus in service center  even want to buy.
--------------------------------------------------------
good for price  2
Overall good for its price.
Both cameras are good not the best but for the price it s awesome.
 Nice phone for this price good sound with good quality speakers thanks for lenovo and flipkart 
good and best at affordable price.
Bought for best price but shipped lately device is fine and good 
most of phone front camera is not good for this price but its very good 
i think is good for best price.
Overall  it is a good phone for the best price.
--------------------------------------------------------
thanks to flipkart  2
Nice thanks Flipkart.
Best phone at this price thanks to Lenovo   flipkart for giving such a great phone.
At last thanks flipkart  WS Retail   E Kart for quick service and good packaging.
Special thanks for the very fast delivery of this product.
 This phone is nice  I bought it 10 days back and m happy with my purchases  interesting thing is it s lightweight and sound quality is excellent  thanks to flipkart  
At first thanks to flipkart for this quick delivery.
--------------------------------------------------------
months  -2
at this moment it is 4 months old and functioning properly within satisfaction level.
I have been using this phone for the last six months.
Using this for past 3 months no problem found.
but the product performance is very poor and gone dead within 6 months.
for two months it s good  after its difficult to dial a number.
 I am not using it  gifted to Elder Sister  She is using since last 1 months lenovo A6000 Plus working fine with 43 Apps support 32Gb memmory card android Lollypop 5.
 Gud fone i m using it since last 6 months and i faced no problem in the device 
OS  Need updates for lolipop   they said  will give in next three months  lets see 
--------------------------------------------------------
worth for money  2
Overall verdict The phone is a worth the money device for its specs and price.
This product is awesome it is fully worth for u money.
Really worth for money  original mmobile tested site Flipkart  
--------------------------------------------------------
ring tone  -2
The Phone spec is really very good  speaker phone is not audible  the ring tone also mild intact missed many important calls  from phone book you can not dial directly  you need to search contact s using dialler.
--------------------------------------------------------
great  2
 Lenevo A 6000 plus i am loving it very much Great performance 
Great sound quality 
 Great mobile with low budget with excellent features like 2GB Ram 16 GO Rom 
Great mobile with great specs.
--------------------------------------------------------
back cover  1
The phone is light weight   back cover is matt finish which is good to handle
The volume and power button are not fixed to the chassis of the phone rather to the back cover so its not as tactile as i need it to be given that i cant wake my screen unless i press the power button.
It is not a big deal as we all pretty much use at least a back cover.
The back cover of the phone slips out from the phone.
You have to open the back cover pull the battery and then place it again in order for the mobile to start.
3  Cheap quality of back cover.
 Phone is perfect for gamers and heavy app users  it is feather light  you don t believe it just hold it and it would be the first statement    the feel is great especially the back cover good grip.
 5 when you open the back cover andchange the simcard the battery decrease by15to20 
--------------------------------------------------------
touch screen  1
Good Screen touch  not felt much difference with my earlier  shows smartphone market improved a lot.
 touch screen is lagging when i touch any application it some times takes half or even one second to respond.
but i face problm in touch screen i press keyboard key down left corner which is not easily press.
I did exactly what he told me over phone and check the functionality of the touch screen and also asked me to perform system update.
I am satify the touch screen.
After doing all still I am getting problem with touch screen and speakers.
From the first day itself I got problem with touch screen and the speakers as well.
touch screen is very poor  very light weight hand set but handset become very hot in few minutes of use.
No lag either in touch screen or in processing speed.
20 days ago first it was working smoothly but after 15 days its touch screen is not working properly 
6. bright colour screen with smooth touch.
i purchase lenovo 6000 plus problem was display touch screen cur cur noise   flipkart team not support 2 Hours talk to customer support team but issue not solve 
Guys Believe me it says 4g but when u use browser crashes not only for me what ever problems im saying now are even experienced by my friends it says 2gb ram but it stucks touch screen is very bad you will fail to unlock the phone in your first attempt  and the display is soo bad in quality you will get scratches on it easily with your nail  this is the worst phone i have ever seen plz dnt buy try some other phone and company never ever buy lenovo phones .
smooth touch  big screen and processor is brilliant 
for its protection of touch screen by applying glass and rubber back cover from local as it was not available online at that time.
 I went through the entire Specs and was little skeptical based on input from some of my friends who said touch screen goes for a challenge post some time.
Touch screen is not working on arrival.
I am getting the same problem with touch screen and speakers.
--------------------------------------------------------
decent  -1
Watched movies and found the quality decent  not as good as my last Sony Xperia GO 
--------------------------------------------------------
apps  1
are good but   there is a very big problem with its battery  u can t open multiple apps in this phone .
Update on 09 Sep 15  One system update was received a couple of days after using the phone and certain apps were updated.
Mainly the preloaded apps with Lenovo security apps are worth using for safety of your mobile.
Talking about my experience when I am fully connected to internet using net based apps  a full 100  charge battery gave me a backup of 16  Hrs.
people who just make calls and uses small playstore apps will be SATISFIED with my review but this is not with the case for GAMERS 
some times heating problems occurs but after clearing the previous apps it goes normal.
Pre installed apps are good.
--------------------------------------------------------
troubleshooting steps  1
Looks like Lenovo doesn t care and so does Flipkart   they cancelled my return by providing some technical troubleshooting steps which made no difference  
--------------------------------------------------------
high  -1
It is awesome  Camera quality is not so much high but it is good no doubt.
I am able to play heavy high.
--------------------------------------------------------
gorilla glass  1
No cornering gorilla glass buy a good tempered glass screenguard .
--------------------------------------------------------
screen guard  -1
Best thing is it is very light weight and comes with free screen guard.
Good quality of screen guard available inside the box
Got a screen guard free with it.
A free screen guard.
already they stick one screen guard without notice that one i try to put new one so i wasted new screen guard so if you buy new one pls notice then put new one 
--------------------------------------------------------
times  -1
4 times costlier than this but still i liked this device i can even say that my next device would a lenovo or a xiaomi.
Contacted flipkart several times for replacement and they told that the seller has been disagreed for replacement.
I call every day to flipkart 2 times everyday but they do not give answer so flipkart customer care service is very bad.
--------------------------------------------------------
2 days  1
I had been using this mobile since 25 days   my view is 
 my phone is only 21 days old  and many problem is here  mainly notification problem and touch is not working.
In recent days it has been more  for every 2days it is restarting atleast once.
--------------------------------------------------------
in price range  1
Don t cry for the unavailability of headphone in the box because at this price range it is too much to ask for.
Best in this price range.
Buy Redmi 2 Prime that is only product similar to Lenovo A6000 Plus otherwise no phone rencounter this in same price range.
 i have been using the phone for the past 24 hrs and so far I think it is the best you can get in it s price range.
Its Ok but its great if consider price point as you cant get better than that at this range.
This mobile is one of the best its price range.
--------------------------------------------------------
bought  1
Bought two mobile  one among them is excellent.